KIE Server config for Smart Router (#168)
mramendi/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/installation/clustering-smart-router-install-proc.adoc

[id='clustering-smart-router-install-proc_{context}']
= Load-balancing {KIE_SERVER} instances with Smart Router

> You can use Smart Router to aggregate multiple independent {KIE_SERVER} instances as though they are a single server. It performs the role of an intelligent load balancer because it can route requests to individual {KIE_SERVER} insances and aggregate data from different {KIE_SERVER} instances. Smart Router uses aliases to perform as a proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Smart Router to aggregate multiple independent {KIE_SERVER} instances as though they are a single server. It performs the role of an intelligent load balancer because it can route requests to individual {KIE_SERVER} instances and aggregate data from different {KIE_SERVER} instances. Smart Router uses aliases to perform as a proxy.
```

----
+
`org.kie.server.router.config.watcher.enabled` is an optional settings to enable the watcher service system property.

> . On every {KIE_SERVER} instance that must connect to the Smart Router, set the `org.kie.server.router` system property to the Smart Router URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On every {KIE_SERVER} instance that connects to the Smart Router, set the `org.kie.server.router` system property to the Smart Router URL.
```

Author: I don't think I can go with this as the instance does not actually connect to the Smart Router before this setting.
